here that fedra
Victor didn't leave the house yesterday
and what does it matter to us
but he could have taken a taxi
hi Rosa well what brings you here I
heard you were sick
don't be silly it was nothing that's
fine
see you later you were worried Richard
no not really why because you heard I
was here no I was just passing by saw
you in the distance dropped in to see
how you were
where's your father he's in the fields
he won't be back until this afternoon
mm-hmm well I'll leave you to your wart
why don't you come knock it'll really
refresh you all right come on did you
ever drink milk like this oh yeah when I
was a child had something to drink it
with no I'd rather remember what it was
like when I was a kid you play that
trick on many people only a few but
mostly on children never on a man like
you and what should I do now spank you
huh